[Classroom Chatter]
Everybody know who Eric Adams is?
- Who Eric Adams is?
- Yeah, who's Eric Adams?
- He's the mayor.
- Alright, say it again, Jabrill.
- Eric Adams is the mayor.
- The mayor of what? Chicago?
- New York City
- He's the New York City mayor, right.
So, to my gentlemen who disagree
tell the group why you disagree
with what Eric Adams said.
- I very much disagree because
some rappers are on the grind
and they don't even talk about
violence, like, most of the time.
- If drill music wasn't here,
people would still be kidnapping.
People would still be selling drugs.
People would still be joining gangs.
People would still be shooting each other.
- The only reason people
think drill rap is bad
is because they only listen
to the bad side of it.
To be honest, you don't really want
to listen to no love songs all the time.
So when someone's talking
about something interesting,
like killing or something ...
it's entertaining, let's be honest.
It's kind of entertaining.
- All these young folks get into
drill rap so they can make money.
So if Eric Adams wanted
to address the issue
I think that he should focus
on how can he get jobs
into the hands of these young folks,
who only are trying to make a dollar.
Well, trying to make millions.
- That's a good point.
[Applause]